Okay.
So now we're going to do the team section.
So I'm going to go under the blog and we can actually copy since we're using the header and all that,
we can copy the cases.
And paste that in here.
So say team.
So we're going to give this we actually yeah we'll give this an idea of team even though I don't think
we have it in the menu.
But let's go ahead and add a class of team and let's see, we're not using flex grid, but we are going
to use section padding and section header and we'll just change the content up.
So H for will say who we are and let's change this.
We'll say our professional team and we'll keep that text now for the the images we're actually going
to use.
We can get rid of this row because we're not using flex grid.
We're using flex items.
So same thing we did with the icons.
So we'll have a div with an image and it's going to be images slash team person one underneath the image.
Let's do H for and John Doe and then paragraph.
This will be the the person's position.
So President and we're going to have three of these.
So this will be person two.
We'll say let's say Jane Doe and we'll say vice president.
Person three Let's say Steve Smith.
I know male creative what my names and let's see say marketing head.
All right.
So just doing that, if we take a look excuse me, it looks pretty good because we already have those
classes in place.
Now, I do want to round the corners of these images, make these kind of circular.
So in our style sheet, I'm just going to say class of team image, set the border radius, let's do
50%.
And there we go.
So that's it for the team.
So for the what's next?
The contact section here, we're going to use the same layout as this and this.
Actually, we'll probably copy this because we're going to have the image on the left.
So it's left, right, left.
So let's let's just copy the oops.
Copy the solutions.
So grab this.
And put that right here.
So this is the contact section.
So we'll say contact and let's give it an ID of contact and a class.
And we're going to be using this flex columns here as well.
So we want the row, the column, column one.
The image, however, is going to be contact.
And then this content, I mean, we're going to keep the column, too.
I'm actually going to use BG Light and we want to turn this into a form so we can get rid of the headings
and stuff like that.
So everything within column two and then let's create a form, give it a class of callback form.
And action.
We'll just keep that empty for now and then in the form.
Let's go ahead and add a form.
It's a form control class, so every label and input will be wrapped in a form control class, let's
say label for name.
And the input, let's say input.
We'll give it an ID of name and we'll give it a name of name.
And then the placeholder.
Set that to name.
Now, this isn't going to actually submit anywhere by default.
I might do something later on.
I believe in the next section.
We did do a PHP script.
I might change that up because like I said, I'm redoing this this project.
But I do have a way where we we put this to a shared host and then we add a simple PHP script to submit
the form.
But I might change that up.
I don't know.
So let's copy this down.
Three times because we're going to have name, email, we'll change the type of this to email as well
and then change that to email the ID.
And then the placeholder actually placeholder should say like enter email and this should say enter
name.
And then this one is going to be phone.
Text.
Phone ID is phone and then placeholder will say enter phone and then we just need a submit button.
So under this div here, let's say input and we can say colon, submit, give us type, submit, we'll
say send, we'll give it an ID of submit and let's give it a, let's give it a class of BTN.
Oops.
All right.
So if we take a look at this, the image is not showing up for some reason.
Images.
Oh, I have two JPEGs.
All right, so we have the image.
So the layout is good, but the form looks horrible.
So we obviously want to change that, so we're going to style it.
I also want a header right above the form or heading I should say.
So let's do an H two and we'll say request callback.
So as far as as far as the form goes, let's go ahead and style that.
So in style CSS say callback form and it has a class of callback form and we're going to set the width
to 100% of its container, some padding on the top and bottom.
And then let's go ahead and style the label.
So callback form label by default labels are inline, but we want the label to be block so that it's
on a new line.
So let's say display block and then just give it some margin on the bottom to push the input down.
So say margin bottom five pixels and then each form control.
So callback form form control.
So that wraps the label in the input.
I just want to add a margin bottom of 15 pixels to push, push everything down and then the input themselves.
So those are really important to style because they're very ugly by default.
So let's say input, callback, form, input, set the width to 100%, we'll set the padding to four
pixels and let's give a height of 40 pixels and the border will do like gray one pixel solid and the
button.
So we'll say callback form BTN, I just want to, I want to add some extra padding to that.
So we'll say 12 pixels top and bottom and then push down.
I want to push the button down.
So let's say margin top 20 pixels.
So that looks pretty good.
Now when I click inside of it, we get this blue outline.
If you want that, that's fine.
But I can show you how we can change that color so we can actually do that by let's go right here and
say callback form inputs, input.
We want the focus state and then we can set the outline color and we'll set that.
Let's set it to the green.
So this right here.
So now if we go and we click, now we get that green outline and you can set it to outline zero if you
don't want it at all.
So the last thing is the footer.
So we might as well do that because it's pretty simple.
So we'll go ahead and add the HTML.
So we actually want to go under the main because the footer isn't part of the main.
So let's say footer and let's give footer a class of footer and also BG Doc because I want to give it
the dark background and then we're going to have a div called social.
So this is where our social icons will go.
They'll have a link around them which would go to your like your profile and let's put an icon here.
So F a B you need to use a class of fab for social icons and then let's do a Facebook and then we'll
copy this down a few times.
So we'll do Facebook, we'll do Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn.
And then under that div we're going to have a paragraph with copyright.
We'll use an HTML entity.
So ampersand, copy, semicolon, 2020 and we'll say edge ledger.
So that's what it's going to look like.
So obviously we have a little bit of styling to do here.
So let's go to style CSS.
And let's add a class of footer.
We want to display this as a flex box, and I actually want it to be a column.
So Flex Direction column, because all we're doing, if we look at the final version here we have,
we're going to have it in a column, but center it in the footer.
If you wanted to, you could have a row and you could have the icons over here and the text over here.
But I think that this looks fine if we do it this way.
We can't even see the icons right now because we need to change the color.
So let's go back here and let's say footer.
So any links?
Obviously, we want to be able to see those.
And then back up here, let's center everything.
So a items center justify content center, text a line center and let's set the height of the footer
to 200.
And regardless of the height, it should be centered vertically and horizontal.
All right, let's see.
So the icons are really small.
So I'm actually going to add to those the class of F A to X.
So we'll just grab that.
Okay.
And then I also want to add some margin between them because they are very close together.
So what I'll do is I'll say let's say footer and then inside the social div just in case they're not
links and you put divs or something else, let's just say anything within there.
We want to set margin right to 30 pixels and then on the hover, let's say footer.
So footer on the link covers.
I want to change the color.
To that green color.
Okay.
So if we put that in here and let's take a look good.
And if we hover over these, we get that green color.
So that's the the base styling of our landing page.
So I think what I want to do in the next video before we do the other two simple pages is make this
responsive, because if I make this smaller, it's not too bad.
I mean, this looks fine.
The nav bar obviously does not.
This is too squished together.
This is too squishy.
We just want to stack all this stuff so it's not going to be too difficult.
So in the next video, we'll go ahead and get to the media queries.